hi guys so I am always being asked to do
a sort of new get ready with me or sort
of makeup look so I thought it was about
time that I did do it and so yeah if you
want to see how I've got this off
everyday spring/summer kind of look I'm
not quite sure what I'm going to call it
then keep watching so as you can see i
have watched my hair and today i use the
head and shoulders citrus fresh which i
have actually been enjoying and then i
moved on to the john frieda frizz-ease
nourishing oil elixir which has been
really nice on the end just to give them
a bit of moisture and it makes my hair
quite silky when I have straightened it
and then I move on to my skincare and
this is my favorite moisturizer the
origins ding ding and it has a really
nice way of sort of waking you up and
then Alamo I've also been using the body
shop skin clearing lotion just because
I've got some quite bad spots as you can
see
now it's primer time and I just decided
to use this Rimmel stay matte primer for
now I don't overly think this is great
all bad and it's just a one that I had
lying around for today to concealer
which is obviously going to be the
collection lasting section oses in the
fairest shade of 01 and also has put
this all over my source ported lovely
sexy areas and here I'm just using the
Real Techniques sort of a little
foundation brush because it's quite good
sort of getting fuzzy little areas
why I concealer and I'm actually using
the maybelline dream lumi touch here I
haven't actually done little close-up
because it is so gross looking in the
bottle now
I thought I would wear one of my new
favorite foundations which is the little
signature foundation and I'm actually
really loving this at the moment it has
a really nice soft finish to it it's not
to solve heavy it's not too light it's
sort of really in between and it is
lovely
as I don't really like my hair to get to
dry naturally just because it doesn't
really work for me when it does I'd like
to just kinda have a break from my
makeup let myself ound ation sit in a
bit and I start to dry my hair
and then when i have finished with the
hair dryer I move on to my eyes and I'm
using the Estee Lauder reasons these
sort of shimmery base just to do all of
my eyes and then I'm just using this
brown from this HD palette and I'm just
sort of using that in the creases and on
the outer corners I'm not an expert at
going I makeup so don't judge and now
it's time for the dreaded eyeliner and
i'm using the benefit they're real
push-up liner which I'm still struggling
to be able to use properly but I am
getting there but let's just say I had
to kind of a tidy this up off screen
you
yeah times something I can do this Cara
and i'm using my favorite revlon grow
luscious clumpy mascara which I just
find works the best for my eyelashes and
always makes them pretty good in my
opinion
you
so now I'd like to just look tidy up my
face with my foundation brush and then I
add a bit of a powder to set it and then
I move on to a bit of bronzer I don't
always use bronzer by is quite nice in
sort of summer months and I use this one
because it's quite subtle which is the
body shot one hour moving on to posey
posey phase while I put my blusher on
and i'm using is really pretty sore
revlon pink one at the moment which i
think is very very pretty indeed now is
time for one of my favorite part and
that is the lip products and here i am
using the Rimmel 101 in the matte shade
which is a really good jute for the Mac
please me and now I'm just applying the
collection 2000 cotton candy lip cream
because this is also one of my favorites
as it's such a nice everyday color and
it's really pretty
here time and I do have really naturally
straight hair as you'll be able to tell
but would just like to finish it up a
little bit with the strangers and yeah I
met you my friend a little bit just so
that's cold under
and now it's time for the outfit which i
will put all the links down below and
let you know there
I hope you guys enjoyed watching man if
you did and if you'd like to see some
more please don't forget to Like and
subscribe and let me know in the clerk
box below what you thought of it and
i'll see you again soon bye guys